hello namaste
Salaam walekum sorry Gotham welcome back
to another session with your wash up at
wah revoir calm what comes to your mind
when I say soup first thing you think of
is a cold a warm comforting steaming hot
tomato see how easy it is to land on
tomato soup that is because I together
with 1 billion other Indians will
testify to the fact that tomato soup
falls under the category of comfort
fruits
it is definitely Indian Indian national
soup is supposed to be mulligatawny soup
that is ordinary if you travel the
famous Indian drivers and want soup you
get tomato if you walk into any hotel
and see soup section on the menu you may
not actually find more than a but I am
willing to bet 100 bucks that you will
see tomato so to make this tomato soup
just heat some butter in a pan add
little bit cumin seeds because I love to
run little cumin just add a little bit
cumin seeds hack then chop garlic okay
add some chopped onion very little for 3
Tomatoes have used a small on him you
can add any vegetables you want to this
so I love to use celery in my soup
because celery gives a very nice flavor
you can add leeks
you can add carrots you can add any
vegetables you want and one more
vegetable I love in tomato soup is bell
pepper there is a green pepper or we
call it capsicum in India so use little
bit so what this does is it gives a very
nice of flavor to your tomato soup after
you saute this for a woman and chopped
tomatoes add little salt the one hope
that goes excellent with your tomato
soup is basil if you have this will just
add you know I don't have a basil so for
you know what actually I think I have
okay okay I have this bagel so I just
bought it recently so it is hanging out
there so we're going to use some of this
basil ah if you have this immediately a
very nice flavor comes I do not know how
but somehow I will find my ingredients
from somewhere or nada so I add some
pepper so after you have a cook this
tomato curry what you do is transfer it
into a blender
for a soup you need some kind of
thickening so what we are going to do we
are going to make some roof we're going
to make some blonde Roux blonde Roux is
slightly golden in color so what I am
going to do a Matt I'm going to add some
mida around the 1 teaspoon maybe little
less than 1 teaspoon of my de what I did
I added 1 tablespoon of all-purpose
flour to my butter and on a slow flame I
am going to cook along with the butter
okay the roux is slightly Brown see I
have taken this tomato puree what I made
I strained it and I'm going to add
little by little first add very little
and then add slowly see if you add
everything at one time
this is going to form lumps once it gets
slightly dissolved then add the entire
amount yeah let us simmer this for like
10 minutes then we will check salt and
seed me oh yeah you know while while
blending I had a very little red color
because to get this nice tomato kind of
consistency and I now to add a little
bit of sugar in my tomato soup that
gives a very nice taste to the soup
adding cream is optional but I love to
add so I'm going to add a little bit of
cream to my tomato soup
look at this the whole studio is
smelling nice tomato soup with nice
basil from my hub section by the way
many toppings can also be used such as
sour cream shredded cheese crackers or
salsa but with kids around the world
believe me I don't know what the
fascination is with little kids maybe
all the kids like to see the brown
floating things and if you ever wonder
what those brown floating things on the
top of tomato soup don't fear you can
even make that at home if you stick with
my show maybe you will even learn how to
manufacture a husband at home that
learns to cook so coming back to those
little brown things they're called
croutons
they are nothing but neat squares of
bread that are deep fried and they turn
crispy golden brown when they float and
slowly soak on the tomato soup they make
you a hero in front of your kids when I
started to show I didn't realize that I
didn't have protons but I had bread so
what I did I simply fried my breads and
now I have them on my tomato soup those
little brown things floating I hope you
have enjoyed today's session of learning
to make this great soup remember that
whatever is all about inspiring others
to cook so please post your recipes
cooking tips so others may benefit from
your great cooking thank you